Update ticketing stubs (#84535)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/resolved.md

<< INSERT SHA/PR LINK HERE >>

> This should include newer releases starting with << RELEASE/the next [major] release(s) >>.

Reviewer: I think this changes the meaning, I think it's trying to describe which versions include the fix:

```suggestion
This is included in newer releases starting with << RELEASE/the next [major] release(s) >>.
```

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.

> The mailing list and IRC are great ways to ask questions or post if you don't think this particular issue is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible Forum is the best place to start a discussion about this particular issue.
```
